Endless Runner (Side view 2-d) Delivering snacks to other raccoons while avoid obsticles and generic badies. Make it more like a platformer

Garden Game (Top Down Garden collecting veggies) Gather veggies from farmers garden while avoiding patrol dogs/ humans, Then escaping to return veggies to other raccons.

Falling uncontrollabley down hill (Endless runner more related to temple run. Avoid the oncomming obsticles)

Tennis Match Game (move character back and forth, hit button to swing and hit

Frogger with Snake- Try to cross the street and save raccoons





BOSS BATTLE - Monster (step one use melee attacks) (step two, hit things to cause them to boomerang and hit him) (Human tennis player)


Currency - Shinny things/ Rac-coins

Upgrades - New skates, heavier tennis racket, hats
Unlocks - Cape, Unlock Catmxn game from gameboy.
Challenges = Callect missing tea cups, Collect Rac-coin




Over arching story: Garbage man takes raccoons trash can with her family inside. She follows the Trash-mobile to the city, where she finds her family while making friends 
along the way. When she finally finds the dump, she challenges the trash man to a game of tennis to save her family. When the family is free, the mention how great it is
at the dump, and 1). Kill the trash man by putting him in trash compactor. 2). Trashman becomes a friend, and you can replay the final tennis match. All mini games unlocked at trash dump

Level 1
  You need to gather food from farmer for your family who lives in Dumpster outside MilkMaiden's. You start sneaking around and collecting vegtables. When you get
  all the veggies, the farmer comes out and chasses you. This is when you start the endless runner back to MilkMaiden's while trying to escape the Farmer. 
  When you get back to the dumbster, you see the track mobile collecting your family in the garbage. As it drives away you see a tennis racket fall from the dumpster. 
  The raccoon plays with it for a second, then sees Jerk animals come. The melee mini game is started.
  When the jerk animals are defeated, Hayley begins following the trash collector. 
  
Level 2
  Hayley needs to take a break for water and to read a book. That is when she finds her new friend X. Who has lost all of they're tea cups. In exchange for finding teacups
  in the World, X promises to give Hayley a magical gift (Cape that makes her jump very high). As hayley looks for the first teacup, she sees a bunch of baby raccoons scattered 
  across the highway, without hesitating she jumps into action and starts the frogger/snake mini game. After saving the babies, she returns to X who gives all the 
  baby raccons tea. Then points to where the trash compactor went.
  
Level 3
  Hayley gets into the city, where she finds a crow who says to look high to find the trash collector. Start platformer to get high, That is where she finds Hacker Raccoon,
  who promises to give Hayley something amazing for exchange of Rac-coins, new form of crypto currency. You then find another raccoons that claims to have made rac-coins
  and will give you exactly how much you need for hacker raccoon if you find him _ number of shiny things. When you finally get to the top of the building, the crow helps
  you to pin point where the trash collector/ dump is. 
  
Level 4
  Hayley then travels through the city to where the dump is. She falls down a hill and has to avoid obsticles to get to the dump
  
Level 5
  Hayley is at the dump, and has to sneak to find her family. As she is sneaking, she is finding the last of the tea cups and shiny things. Then the is spotted by the 
  garbage man. She fights him with melee attacks (Boss Battle), then has to run away from him, until she finds step two of the fight. Right as she finishes him, she has the
  option to kill him or set him free. 
  
  After the game is over, Hayley is able to collect the unlockables, and play catmxn the game. 
